Adding documentation about Qiskit Transpiler Service limits (#1941)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/ai-transpiler-passes.mdx

These custom collection passes limit the sizes of the collected sub-circuits so they are supported by the AI-powered synthesis passes. Therefore, it is recommended to use them after the routing passes and before the synthesis passes for a better overall optimization.

## Limits

> Refer to the [Qiskit Transpiler Service documentatione](./qiskit-transpiler-service#install-transpiler-service) to know more about the limits that apply to the AI-powered transpiler passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Qiskit Transpiler Service documentatione](./qiskit-transpiler-service#limits-of-the-qiskit-transpiler-service) to know more about the limits that apply to the AI-powered transpiler passes.
```

> Refer to the [Qiskit Transpiler Service documentation](./qiskit-transpiler-service#limits-of-the-qiskit-transpiler-service) to know more about the limits that apply to the AI-powered transpiler passes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Qiskit Transpiler Service documentation](./qiskit-transpiler-service#limits-of-the-qiskit-transpiler-service) for more information about the limits that apply to the AI-powered transpiler passes.
```
